// COMPREHENSION QUESTION ANSWERS

- [1] What are PropTypes used for? Please describe why it's important to type check our data in JavaScript.
        PropTypes check the type of prop one inputs into code and validates the data received from props. This is important because it keeps a programmer from making code errors by importing the wrong type of props, i.e., a string instead of a number. It also helps to catch these bugs early on, preventing more intense debugging sessions.
- [2] Describe a life-cycle event in React?
        A life-cycle event in React is made up of three phases: the Mounting phase, or birth; the Updating phase; and the Unmounting phase, or death. In the mounting phase, one sets state post-render, performs the initial fetch of data, and sets up listeners (specifically using componentDidMount). The updating phase is a sort of static, waiting phase, which waits for the Mounting in order to be able to update. Finally, the unmounting phase is when the user navigates away; it removes event listeners and performs all cleanups related to one's component, thus effecting the "Death" of an application.
- [3] Explain the details of a Higher Order Component?
        A higher order component, or HOC, is a component (although more like a function) that takes in another component as an argument and returns a new component, which is also the passed-in component, but with added functionality. Like other components, it creates and performs reusable code, in that it allows one to share functionality across components. 
- [4] What are three different ways to style components in React? Explain some of the benefits of each.
        Three different ways to style components in React are vanilla CSS, the use of a preprocessor, and styled components. The benefit of vanilla CSS is that one can make use of very familiar syntax and styles. The benefit of a preprocessor, as with preprocessors in other situations, is that one is able to nest styles and created a tidier code flow. The benefit of styled components is that it eliminates additional folders and keeps all of one's styles for a single component in an easily accessible, easy to read fashion. A further benefit of styled components is that they contribute to make one's code more readable, as it eliminates unnecessary divs and enables the programmer to see where they had ineffective stylesets. 